# Keepalive

## Overview

Keepalive is an autogenerated application by [**Macfair**](https://github.com/cerico/macfair). . It visits a list of sites every day and clicks a link. This is particularly useful for keeping services like Supabase databases active when developing new applications.

## Features

- Automated browser interactions using Puppeteer.
- Periodic visits to specified URLs to keep services active.
- Easy setup for manual execution and cron job creation.

## Setup

### Automatic Setup (Macfair)

If the application was generated via Macfair, the cron job will have already been installed, and the application will already be running.

### Manual Setup

If you're setting up the application manually, follow these steps:

1. Clone the Repository:

   git clone https://github.com/cerico/keepalive.git
   cd keepalive

2. Install Dependencies:

   make install

3. Configure URLs:

   Edit the `pages.mjs` file to add or modify the URLs and buttons to be clicked.

   ```javascript
   export default [
     {
       url: "https://geocircles.cc",
       text: "Start Game",
     },
   ];
   ```

   If this application is controlled by the Macfair Ansible application, the file list should be modified there. Otherwise, changes to pages.mjs will be overwritten by Macfair.

4. Cron:

   Keepalive is designed to be run as a cronjob. For instructions on how to add a cron job specific to your system, run

   ```sh
   make cron
   ```

   This will give you the line top add via crontab -e

## Manual Run:

You can also run manually to make sure it works, simply run

```
make run
```

## Screenshots

Screenshots will be added directly in the repo, these are ignored by gitignore by default

## Help

For available commands, run

```bash
make
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
